feat(as/policy): action structure support new parameter (#3942)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/resources/as_policy.md

* `operation` - (Optional, String) Specifies the operation to be performed. The options include `ADD` (default), `REMOVE`,
  and `SET`.

* `instance_number` - (Optional, Int) Specifies the number of instances to be operated.

* `instance_percentage` - (Optional, Int) Specifies the percentage of instances to be operated.

> -> When both the `instance_number` and `instance_percentage` parameters are not configured, the number of operation
>   instances is `1`. When configuring parameters, `instance_ number` and `instance_percentage` only one of them can be
>   selected for configuration.

Reviewer: I like to writing like this:
```suggestion
->  At most one of `instance_number` and `instance_percentage` can be set. When neither `instance_number` nor `instance_percentage` is specified,
  the number of operation instances is **1**.
```
